The research process.md, before:

When conducting foundational research


1. Framing problems
We start with user needs framed as problem statements. What is the issue in the user experience? What is the user's pain point that we would like to solve? A problem statement describes ways you will know (or measure) when you have solved the problem.

Problem statements can be expressed in this format:

We have observed that [feature/service/UI element] isn’t meeting [these needs] of [this persona], which is causing [this adverse effect]. How might we improve so that the issue is solved based on [these measurable criteria]?

2. Identifying Assumptions
An iterative approach requires that we make assumptions based on the information available to us in any given moment.

Those assumptions may include:

Who our users are
Their role in various social systems
Their demographic information
Their mental models
Their abilities (especially relative to their environment)
Our users’ context of use
The practices they undertake
The information they use and share
The people with whom they interact
The services available to them
The devices they use
The channels they communicate through
What features we think will be most important, etc.

Assumptions are a necessary part of the process; bias is unavoidable. But it is important to identify and validate (or invalidate) our assumptions through ongoing experimentation and research. Any proposed solution is an assumption until it’s validated through research with users. Before deciding what to test (building hypotheses), it’s important to consider all of the potential assumptions about our users.

Once assumptions have been identified, we have to prioritize which are most important to test first. When prioritizing we should consider which of our assumptions create the biggest risks.

3. Creating hypotheses
Hypotheses make our assumptions explicit, and experiments help us test our hypotheses. A hypothesis should succinctly state expected outcomes and measures of success. These hypotheses help us begin to answer how we might solve the problems we’ve identified. This framework can help make our design hypotheses explicit:

We believe that [doing / building / creating this] for this [user / persona] will result in [this outcome]. We’ll know we’re right when we see this [signal / metric].

4. Designing experiments
We validate or invalidate our hypotheses through experimentation. These experiments check our assumptions with feedback from our users, and can take the form of prototypes, wireframes, drafts of messaging, or other research probes.

5. Iterate
The application of these experiments brings us back to the research phase and feeds into another iteration of testing and learning.

Commit message:

Update The research process.md

The research process.md, after:

When conducting foundational and evaluative research, there is a step-by-step process that helps create a exectuable research plan or a set of hyopthesis ready for a research plan.


## Framing problems
We start with user needs framed as problem statements. What is the issue in the user experience? What is the user's pain point that we would like to solve? A problem statement describes ways you will know (or measure) when you have solved the problem.

Problem statements can be expressed in this format:

We have observed that [feature/service/UI element] isn’t meeting [these needs] of [this persona], which is causing [this adverse effect]. How might we improve so that the issue is solved based on [these measurable criteria]?

## Identifying Assumptions
An iterative approach requires that we make assumptions based on the information available to us in any given moment.

Those assumptions may include:

Who our users are
Their role in various social systems
Their demographic information
Their mental models
Their abilities (especially relative to their environment)
Our users’ context of use
The practices they undertake
The information they use and share
The people with whom they interact
The services available to them
The devices they use
The channels they communicate through
What features we think will be most important, etc.

Assumptions are a necessary part of the process; bias is unavoidable. But it is important to identify and validate (or invalidate) our assumptions through ongoing experimentation and research. Any proposed solution is an assumption until it’s validated through research with users. Before deciding what to test (building hypotheses), it’s important to consider all of the potential assumptions about our users.

Once assumptions have been identified, we have to prioritize which are most important to test first. When prioritizing we should consider which of our assumptions create the biggest risks.

## Creating hypotheses
Hypotheses make our assumptions explicit, and experiments help us test our hypotheses. A hypothesis should succinctly state expected outcomes and measures of success. These hypotheses help us begin to answer how we might solve the problems we’ve identified. This framework can help make our design hypotheses explicit:

We believe that [doing / building / creating this] for this [user / persona] will result in [this outcome]. We’ll know we’re right when we see this [signal / metric].

## Designing experiments
We validate or invalidate our hypotheses through experimentation. These experiments check our assumptions with feedback from our users, and can take the form of prototypes, wireframes, drafts of messaging, or other research probes.

## Iterate
The application of these experiments brings us back to the research phase and feeds into another iteration of testing and learning.
